it's really exciting to get a glimpse of
what I'm gonna be actually doing for my
first done right now we're kind of
having a bit of fun doing a few basic
steps and having a little bit of a dance
but it's gonna seem a lot more real when
we start learning
was the first day of training with
Kimberly today and I think it went
pretty well
first of all I didn't know what to
expect going to this rehearsal and I was
just trying the ground kind of trying to
give you different steps and see how she
gonna pull it off yes good
this girl has character for sure she's
gonna be really fun up there I think I'm
quite glad that it's up-tempo and you
know you can kind of really just let
yourself go over into the dance it's
more about room work flying than why
they don't that's it even more let it
fly I was just throwing different stuff
at Kimberly and making it more and more
difficult every time and she kept up
Tasha seemed to think that I pick things
up quite quickly which is really good
didn't really feel like that to me but
the best thing about it right now
yeah
be and rushing it through the floor
proper yeah very good thing at this
stage it's hard to predict if Kimberly
and I will win but I'm really excited
about next three months